---
title: Griffarin's Free License
version: 1.5.0
summary: terms for free use of projects
---

## Purpose

This license allows you to use and share this software for noncommercial purposes and children's projects for free, but you have to share improvements with the developer.

## Acceptance

To receive this license, you have to agree to its rules.  Those rules are both obligations under that agreement and conditions to your license.  Don't do anything with the software against any rule you can't or won't follow.

## Use

### Prohibited Purposes

You may not use the software to make money or for work, except for [Free Trials](#free-trials) and [Children's Projects](#childrens-projects)

### Free Trials

You may use the software for brief trial periods to verify that the software works as described, such as by running on test data or integrating into private, proof-of-concept prototypes.

### Children's Projects

You may use this software to make money or for work if you are a child below the legal age of adulthood where you live, usually eighteen years, or you are helping a child with a project of theirs.

## Obligations

### Notices

Make sure that everyone who gets a copy of any part of the software from you, with or without changes, also gets the text of this license.

<!-- Adapted from Round Robin -->
### Share

With two exceptions, [Prototypes](#prototypes) and [Applications](#applications), share all changes and additions you make to this software, as well as all software that invokes this software's functionality, with the developer. When in doubt, share.

<!-- Adapted from Round Robin -->
### Prototypes

You don't have to share any change, addition, or other software that meets all these criteria:

1.  You don't use it for more than thirty days.

2.  You don't share it outside the team developing it, other than for non-production user testing.

3.  You don't use it on behalf of anyone outside the team developing it.

<!-- Adapted from Round Robin -->
### Applications

You don't have to share any software that only invokes this software's functionality through the interfaces this software exposes, unless it exposes so much of this software's interfaces or functionality to users, programmers, or other software that it becomes a practical substitute for this software. Interfaces exposed by this software include all the interfaces this software provides users, programmers, or other software to invoke its functionality, such as command line, graphical, application programming, remote procedure call, and inter-process communication interfaces.

<!-- Adapted from Round Robin -->
### How to Share

To share software with the developer:

1.  Send all the source code to the developer in the preferred form for making changes through the system the developer uses to manage and distribute the source code of the software.  If the developer uses a source code repository that accepts pull requests, send a pull request.  If the developer accepts patches via e-mail, send a patch to their e-mail address or mailing list.

2.  Make sure every new part of the source code is available under the Blue Oak Model License 1.0.0, the BSD-2-Clause Plus Patent License, or terms with substantially the same legal effect.  If you can choose the license terms for part of the source code, license it under the Blue Oak Model License 1.0.0.

3.  Take these steps within thirty days.

4.  Note that this license doesn't let you change the license for this software.  Follow [Notices](#notices).

## Intellectual Property

### Copyright

The developer licenses you to do everything with the software that would otherwise infringe their copyright in it, except for [Prohibited Purposes](#prohibited-purposes).

### Patent

The developer licenses you to do everything with the software that would otherwise infringe any patent claims they can license or become able to license, except for [Prohibited Purposes](#prohibited-purposes).

### Patent Defense

If you make any written claim that software offered for sale through griffarins.com infringes or contributes to infringement of any patent, this license ends immediately. If an organization you work for makes that kind of claim, this license ends immediately for work for that organization.

## Excuse

You're excused for unknowingly breaking [Notices](#notices) or [Share](#share), if you take all practical steps to comply within thirty days of learning you broke the rule.

## Reliability

The developer cannot revoke this license.

## No Liability

<span class="conspicuous" markdown="1">As far as the law allows, the software comes as is, without any warranty or condition, and the developer will not be liable to anyone for any damages related to the software or this license, under any kind of legal claim.</span>
