---
title: Griffarins Paid License
version: 1.0.0
summary: terms for paid licenses through griffarins.com
---

<h2 id="details">Details</h2>

- The **Developer** is `developer name`, `developer location` (ISO 3166-2), `developer e-mail`.

- The **Agent** is `agent name`, `agent location` (ISO 3166-2), `agent website`.

- The **User** is `user name`, `user location` (ISO 3166-2), `user e-mail`.

- The **Software** is the `software category` available at `software URL`.

- The **Price** is `price` (USD).

- The **Term** begins on `date` (ISO 8601) and continues `term`.

<h2 id="payment">Payment</h2>

All the licenses granted under these terms are conditional on payment of the _Price_.  If there is no _Price_, the _Developer_ nonetheless expects the _User_ to rely on this license nonetheless, and will not revoke it unless the _User_ breaks one of its rules.

<h2 id="scope">Scope</h2>

The **Licensed Contributions** are the contributions the _Developer_ has made to the _Software_, as well as any contributions the _Developer_ makes to the _Software_ in the future.  _Licensed Contributions_ do not include any contributions the _Developer_ makes to the _Software_ to any future version of the _Software_ for which the _Developer_ sells separate licenses.

<h2 id="copyright">Copyright</h2>

The _Developer_ licenses the _User_ for the _Term_ to do everything with the _Licensed Contributions_ that would otherwise infringe the _Developer_'s copyright in them.

<h2 id="patent">Patent</h2>

The _Developer_ licenses the _User_ for the _Term_ to do everything with the _Software_ that would otherwise infringe patent claims the _Developer_ can license or becomes able to license.

<h2 id="sublicensing">Sublicensing</h2>

If the _User_ combines some or all of the _Licensed Contributions_ with other software in a larger application, the _User_ may pass on their license rights, or sublicense, those _Licensed Contributions_ as part of their larger application, and allow further sublicensing in turn, under the following rules:

<h3 id="value">Value</h3>

The larger application must have significant additional content or functionality beyond that of the _Software_, and end users must license the larger application primarily for that added content or functionality.

<h3 id="maintenance">Maintenance</h3>

The _User_ may sublicense others to maintain the larger application, but not to use the _Licensed Contributions_ in new or different ways in that application, or to develop larger applications of their own.

<h3 id="purpose">Purpose</h3>

The purpose of [Value](#value) and [Maintenance](#maintenance) is to prevent the _User_ from sublicensing others who should buy their own private licenses.

<h3 id="terms">Terms</h3>

[Sublicensing](#sublicensing) and [Notices](#notices), as well as warranty disclaimers and damages exclusions at least as broad as [Disclaimer](#disclaimer) and [Exclusion](#exclusion), must apply to each sublicense.

<h3 id="unlimited-applications">Unlimited Applications</h3>

The _User_ may build, and sublicense for, as many larger applications as they like.

<h2 id="notices">Notices</h2>

In order to make sure that everyone who gets a copy of the _Licensed Contributions_ knows about the license terms for their use, the _Developer_ agrees to give everyone who gets a copy of some or all of the _Licensed Contributions_ from them, with or without changes, the text of this license and any public license for the _Licensed Contributions_.

<h2 id="agency">Agency</h2>

The _Developer_ has authorized the _Agent_ to sign this license on the _Developer_'s behalf.  The _Agent_ is not a party to this license.

<h2 id="guarantee">Guarantee</h2>

The _Developer_ guarantees that they either own or have the rights to license copyrights in the _Licensed Contributions_, and are aware that legal rules and agreements can make others the owners of copyrights in their work.

<h2 id="disclaimer">Disclaimer</h2>

<span class="conspicuous" markdown="1">With the sole exception of [Guarantee](#guarantee), as far as the law allows, the _Software_ comes as is, without any warranty or condition.</span>

<h2 id="exclusion">Exclusion</h2>

<span class="conspicuous" markdown="1">With the sole exception of [Guarantee](#guarantee), as far as the law allows, neither the _Developer_ nor their _Agent_ will be liable to anyone for any damages related to the _Software_ or this license, under any kind of legal claim.</span>
