---
title: stricteq Agency Terms
edition: 1e1d
---

To offer to license or relicense a project through stricteq.com, you must agree to these terms, an addition to the stricteq.com terms of service, for your project.

# Private License Agent

You appoint Artless Devices LLC your agent to license the software project that you offer through stricteq.com  Artless Devices may sign license agreements on your behalf, and those licenses will have the same legal effect as if you signed them yourself.

# Private License Terms

Artless Devices may only sign licenses on your behalf on the terms of the current form private license agreements published on stricteq.com at the time of each purchase, for the prices you set via stricteq.com.

# Pricing Changes

Unless you lock your project, you may change prices for licensing and relicensing through stricteq.com.  If you change prices, Artless Devices may continue to license and relicense at the old prices with customers who began the purchase process before you made your changes, but Artless Devices agrees to use your new pricing for all new purchases.

# Forms Changes 

Artless Devices may change the terms of the current form private licenses and relicense agreement.

# Commission

As commission, you will pay Artless Devices one percent of the total cost of private licenses and any relicense agreement that Artless Devices sells on your behalf, calculated before payment processing fees.  Artless Devices will take its commission by instructing the payment processor to deposit commission in its own account, directly, on making each sale.  Other than payment processing fees, Artless Devices will cover its own expenses of offering private licenses and any relicense agreement.

# Warranties

You promise that you are legally entitled to grant private licenses and enter any relicense agreement that you offer through stricteq.com, and will be as long as the agency relationship continues.  You promise that that you are not breaching any agreement with anyone else by agreeing to these agency terms.

# Ending the Relationship

Unless your project is locked, you may end the agency relationship for the project at any time, by retracting your project via stricteq.com.  Artless Devices may continue to license and relicense with customers who began the purchase process before you retracted your project.  Artless Devices may end the agency relationship at any time.

# Other Relicensing

You agree to retract your project through stricteq.com if you ever publicly license your project on terms other than those of the latest version of a public license published on stricteq.com as an approved public license when you offered the project, any later version published on stricteq.com, or any new public license published on stricteq.com as an approved public license.

# Metadata

You agree to maintain metadata in your project's manifest file as generated by the command-line interface provided by Artless Devices.

# Not Exclusive

You may license and relicense your project on your own, without Artless Devices, and appoint other agents to do so.  You will not owe Artless Devices commission on licensing or relicensing on your own or through other agents.

# Promotion

Artless Devices may advertise and otherwise promote your project and the sale of private licenses and any relicense agreement, but these terms do not obligate Artless Devices to do so.

# Communication

Artless Devices may send you e-mail about changes to terms and policies, and about other developments relevant to the agency relationship and stricteq.com more generally.
